
Mario Battle Royale Game (coded physics sandbox from scratch in C)


Mario Battle Royale is a two player game in which characters fight against each other on a floating stadium, where the last man standing wins.

The game starts out with two players on each side of the stadium. Players begin with full health and their default starter guns. Throughout the game, there will be floating "special blocks" that will grant different power ups. Players will be able to move around, jump, collect these power ups, and fire/fight each other. Movement will be controlled by the arrow keys and the "WASD" keys, while attacking will be controlled by the "shift" and "Tab" keys. Players will begin with 100 hp, and will lose health based on the quality of attack of the opponent (dependent on power ups). There will also be certain powerups that allow for characters to gain health. The winner will be determined by the player to first make the other player lose all their health. There are no levels in this game, since it is a 1v1 battle royale format. The game incorporates the physics engine through its jumping, and movement. Players will be subject to gravity, and certain powerups will use different types of physics. For example, one type of power up can be an attack/shot that is subject to gravity, while another can travel in a straight line at constant velocity. In addition we would need to implement collision detection to determine when players get hit, run into a wall, or obtain a power up. We will use sprites to create our characters and power up graphics, which we will take from online (Mario), but we will use polygons to create different bullets for different power ups. 